OCPBUGS#47532: Added note to the nw-operator-cr file (#86777)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-operator-cr.adoc

If you are using the OVN-Kubernetes cluster network plugin, the kube-proxy configuration has no effect.
|====

[IMPORTANT]
====

> For a cluster that needs to deploy objects across multiple networks, ensure that you specify the same value for the `hostPrefix` parameter for each network type that is defined in the `install-config.yaml` file. Setting a different value for each `hostPrefix` parameter  can impact the CNO whereby the CNO cannot effectively route object traffic among the networks.

Reviewer: You may want to clarify that this note is referring to clusterNetwork, rest looks good.

> For a cluster that needs to deploy objects across multiple networks, ensure that you specify the same value for the `hostPrefix` parameter for each network type that is defined in the `install-config.yaml` file. Setting a different value for each `hostPrefix` parameter  can impact the CNO whereby the CNO cannot effectively route object traffic among the networks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a cluster that needs to deploy objects across multiple networks, ensure that you specify the same value for the `hostPrefix` parameter for each network type that is defined in the `install-config.yaml` file. Setting a different value for each `hostPrefix` parameter  can impact the ovn-kubernetes whereby the ovn-kubernetes cannot effectively route object traffic among the different nodes.
```

Author: I went "OVN-Kubernetes network plugin".

> For a cluster that needs to deploy objects across multiple networks, ensure that you specify the same value for the `clusterNetwork.hostPrefix` parameter for each network type that is defined in the `install-config.yaml` file. Setting a different value for each `clusterNetwork.hostPrefix` parameter can impact the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin whereby the plugin cannot effectively route object traffic among different nodes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For a cluster that needs to deploy objects across multiple networks, ensure that you specify the same value for the `clusterNetwork.hostPrefix` parameter for each network type that is defined in the `install-config.yaml` file. Setting a different value for each `clusterNetwork.hostPrefix` parameter can impact the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin, where the plugin cannot effectively route object traffic among different nodes.
```
